[16.0][ADD] purchase_report_shipping_address (#49)
OCA/purchase-reporting: purchase_report_shipping_address/readme/CONFIGURE.rst

> #. Go to *Inventory > Configuration > Warehouses*.
> #. Access one of them clicking on it.
> #. Add address in warehouse address details field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Go to *Inventory > Configuration > Warehouses* and open a warehouse record for which the address presentation should be adjusted for purchase reports.
#. Update Warehouse Address Details field.
```
